RHIDP-9554: helm chart values overview (#1768)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/helm-chart-config-reference/ref-helm-chart-global-namespace-values.adoc

|Uses an existing secret.
|string
|""

|global.auth.backend.value
|Uses a specified value.
|string
|""

|global.catalogIndex
|Catalog index configuration for automatic plugin discovery. The `install-dynamic-plugins.py` script pulls this image if the `CATALOG_INDEX_IMAGE` environment variable is set. The `dynamic-plugins.default.yaml` file is extracted and written to `dynamic-plugins-root` volume mount.
|object
|{"image":{"registry":"registry.redhat.io","repository":"rhdh/plugin-catalog-index@sha256","tag":"<digest>"}}

|global.catalogIndex.image.registry
|Catalog index image registry.
|string
|“registry.redhat.io”

|global.catalogIndex.image.repository
|Catalog index image repository.
|string
|“rhdh/plugin-catalog-index@sha256”

|global.catalogIndex.image.tag
|Catalog index image tag or digest.
|string
|“<digest>”

|global.clusterRouterBase
|Shorthand for users who do not want to specify a custom hostname.
Used only with the default upstream.backstage.appConfig value and with {ocp-short} Route enabled.
|string
|"apps.example.com"

|global.dynamic.includes
|Array of `yaml` files listing dynamic plugins to include with those listed in the plugin field.

> Relative paths are  resolved from the working directory of the `initContainer` that

Reviewer: **[REQUIRED]** Double space typo: "Relative paths are  resolved" — remove extra space.

🤖 RHAI docs Claude Code review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relative paths are resolved from the working directory of the `initContainer` that
```

|object
|{"image":{"registry":"registry.redhat.io","repository":"rhdh/plugin-catalog-index@sha256","tag":"<digest>"}}

|global.catalogIndex.image.registry
|Catalog index image registry.
|string
|“registry.redhat.io”

|global.catalogIndex.image.repository
|Catalog index image repository.
|string
|“rhdh/plugin-catalog-index@sha256”

|global.catalogIndex.image.tag
|Catalog index image tag or digest.
|string
|“<digest>”

|global.clusterRouterBase
|Shorthand for users who do not want to specify a custom hostname.
Used only with the default upstream.backstage.appConfig value and with {ocp-short} Route enabled.
|string
|"apps.example.com"

|global.dynamic.includes
|Array of `yaml` files listing dynamic plugins to include with those listed in the plugin field.
Relative paths are resolved from the working directory of the `initContainer` that install the plugins.
|list
|["dynamic-plugins.default.yaml"]

|global.dynamic.includes[0]

> |List of dynamic plugins included inside the `janus-idp/backstage-showcase` container image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|List of dynamic plugins included inside the {product-very-short} container image.
```

Should avoid using "janus" or "showcase".

|string
|"dynamic-plugins.default.yaml"

|global.dynamic.plugins

> |List of dynamic plugins. Every plugin package is defined as an NPM package name specifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|List of dynamic plugins. Every plugin package can be defined as an OCI artifact, NPM or local package reference.
```
